what is up rivals welcome back to you
another episode of rival kingdoms my
name is sarcasm and today we're going to
take a look at a troupe that I think is
the most effective troupe when used
correctly and definitely one that I've
run every single squad and that's the
Paladin I definitely sees people do some
very questionable stuff with them so I'm
gonna show you guys kind of some tips
and tricks and just go over a couple of
things cool little nifty stuff about
paladin thank you for leaving a like
rating if you do enjoy subscribe for new
for some where rival kingdoms and with
that said let's get into the video so
first of all let's take a look at the
paladin stats we see they have an okay
amount of health and damage per second
that is not really where they shine so
take a look at first of all there he'll
per second they're the only troop that
heals so some of you guys may or may not
know this but basically they are a
healing troop they're also melee which
makes it kind of unique and interesting
send a lot of games he only troops more
of the range sit back and kind of heal
but these are these are you know they go
in the forefront so you want to use them
a certain way I'll show you exactly what
i mean but keep in mind that their troop
size is too which means that each one of
these count as two troops so right now I
have so right now I only have seven
squad space this means that i only have
three paladin's total for one squad but
once I upgrade my true portals they're
currently upgrading to get eight squad
space total which means I'll be able to
run for Alden but the most effective you
can have is actually five paladin so you
never want to run more than five total
paladin's now five squads that's because
of their true specialty says nearby
allies game passive health regeneration
this could stack up to five times from
different paladins so if you're running
more than five paladin you're doing it
wrong because really reducing the
effectiveness of troops you get from the
other troops as you get some more damage
warden some more tanking for Mahler's
etc so only run five absolute maximum
and with that said let's get into some
tax with this okay guys so we're gonna
do an attack just for a couple of
demonstrations we can use my pretty
standard troop composition of once squad
Mahler's three squads of wardens at the
moment and one squad of paladin i found
one squad paladins to be pretty much the
magic number since stronghold seven
since you get the Paladins because if
you have more than one squad then you're
kind of losing out on dps that can help
you clear the base faster and require
less healing and if you run less than
one squad paladin as well as
balaton so I found one to be a magic
number and it works really well for me
so what they keep in mind these spell
towers these purple spelt hours thats a
curse touch if this hits in your troops
they actually can't be healed for 10
seconds so you'll see a little red ring
around them and all the kind of flash
will be kind of obvious it'll be red and
they can heal so keep that in mind you
won't try to avoid those or take them
out when you want to heal so we're gonna
do is go for a standard attack place
these molars right in the middle place
the wardens to follow them up you see
wait until your troops get hurt I see
people place down the Paladins first
like a tank they think it's a tank guys
paladins are not tanks keep that in mind
they are literally meant as a supporting
unit the reason they're melee well I
don't know the exact reason that the
design is made them male a but I mean
the fact that they're melee doesn't mean
that you should use them as a tank melee
doesn't always mean tank so in this case
they are support unit some people tend
to overlook that so use them after your
troop gets hurt not before it's not to
prevent damage if you want to prevent
damage you go for a tank you go for a
Mahler's you go for soldiers stuff like
that but if you want to heal up you you
want to get your troops back and full
that's when you use the paladin so yeah
not gonna be a those kind of wasn't
paying attention to this tack but it's
all going to get mostly girls yay let's
get to another tax show you guys another
example okay guys you can see a death
spell tower is actually pretty popular
in basis nowadays and that's because
paladins are so strong and it can really
chat the mouse we're gonna attack from
this side so we could actually get some
healing done stuff like that's gonna
place my dragon now first the watchtower
is there is that upgrading no it's not
so we got to be kind of scared of that
but I'm gonna place down my mullah right
now and follow them up with some words
just like before and we're gonna
actually pay attention you need to pay
attention to your troops now this is a
problem if the dragon a little fly
skills in the way but I kind of saw that
they were low hopefully you get your
dragonfly skill doesn't block the view
of whether or not your troops are need
healing because that is when you want to
drop you don't want to don't want to get
too too nervous is something like hmm
it's like playing chicken you know
chicken is a game you're both in a car
you and your enemy are in a car and
whoever just chickens out first when
you're driving into each other that's
the person who loses because they're the
chicken and it's kind of like
with the heels you want to wait as not
as long as possible but you want to wait
a good chunk of time until they actually
get hurt to use the heels you don't want
to use it preemptively and then your pal
Denzil dykes they are melee units they
do go into the fray you see I have one
over here and they're just going to the
fray they're about to die uh-huh you
actually survived that that loan paladin
she actually survived rather but yeah so
hold off as long as you can while
keeping in mind that the second you
place them down you want to hopefully
get your troops healed within a few
seconds after that so you know don't
wait until as soon as your troops died
and then play the mat place of after
because obviously your troops dead your
troops with dead there's no revived in
this game there's no revive paladin's or
something like that but you want to wait
as long as possible while still keeping
the troops live and you don't want to
wait too long yeah so I hope you guys I
hope they clarified a couple of things
with regarding the paladin troops for
you guys because see people use them as
like tank units and like what are you
doing why are you doing that do not do
that so yeah just a couple little tips i
will be doing some more true specific
tips in the future i hope you guys did
enjoy thank you for leaving a like
rating and commenting if you did enjoy
subscribe if you do and with that said
thanks for watch please